Feat/update contributing guide (#911)
theislab/scvelo: CONTRIBUTING.rst

    git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USER-NAME/scvelo.git
    cd scvelo
    git checkout --track origin/develop

In general, the installation can be completed with

.. code:: bash

> 

Reviewer: Let's have two sections/paragraphs here, instead. One for Unix (Linux and macOS) and one for windows. This way it'll be easier for people to see the info relevant to them.

    git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USER-NAME/scvelo.git
    cd scvelo
    git checkout --track origin/develop
    

Unix Systems

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: I know it's just style but could you please make the `^` align with the text, so
```
Unix Systems
^^^^^^^^^^
```

instead of

```
Unix Systems
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```?

    pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

Windows

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: See comment above.

> If running Windows, one should first install `hsnwlib` via `conda` and then run the command without quotes

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
If running Windows, `hsnwlib` needs to be installed via `conda` and the installation with pip slightly adjusted:
```
?
